---
layout: layouts/post
title: "Week 2"
tags:
- post
- Weeknotes
- RAVS
excerpt: "Getting access to emails, Slack. And my first Jira ticket."
---

{{ excerpt }}

## Onboarding continues

I got access to most tools this week, including email, Slack (ah, I've missed Slack), QA environments, Mural, Jira and Confluence. I even have a ticket on the board with my face on it which feels like a good milestone.

The ticket I've been assigned is looking at how we might give our users, in occupational health settings, better data so they can target their vaccination efforts at staff groups with lower uptake.

Still waiting on GitHub access though which is going to block me from contributing much. Hopefully this is sorted next week.  

I met with the service owner and product manager. So, I'm starting to understand how I can fit into everything that's going on, with a bit more confidence. I also bumped into more familiar faces from my time at Test and Trace, Made Tech and some Port80 (web design conference) alumni.

This week was the start of a new sprint, so it was useful to join the planning, retro and show and tell ceremonies to see how they're run. I also joined another user research session, and two user research playbacks which have been really helpful and really well run.

## Working in the open

I've been looking back through [more design history posts](https://design-history.prevention-services.nhs.uk/record-a-vaccination/2024/03/recording-vaccinations-beta/). It's interesting, and really useful, to see how the service has evolved.

I'm always interested to see what design and accessibility testing happens in different places, so it was great to see this [testing doc](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/blob/main/docs/contributing/testing.md) shared openly too.

## Next week

Next week, I'm looking forward to more roadmap planning type conversations that will hopefully give more direction to what the next few weeks look like, especially for the user-centred design team members.

There are some chunky things on the horizon, and the team has a lot of work to do, in the run up to the vaccination season in the autumn/winter.

## Bookmarks

- [Is testing and learning a methodology or a core skill?](https://visitmy.website/2026/07/08/is-testing-and-learning-a-methodology-or-a-core-skill/)
- [Access for all: from policy to reality - Cewri](https://www.cewri.org/events)